feat(captor): integrating Kivebpf in Koney (#28)
dynatrace-oss/koney: README.md

  - `matchLabels`: a map of key-value pairs.
  - `matchExpressions`: a list of label selector requirements evaluated as a logical AND operation. **(not implemented yet)**

- `containerSelector`: selects the container(s) in the matched pods or deployments where the trap is deployed.
  - if this field is prepended by `regex:`, the rest of the string will represent a regular expression matched with go [regexp](https://golang.org/s/re2syntax) library.

>   - if the field is prepended by "glob:", then this is a filesystem-style regex, as described in go [filepath.Match](https://pkg.go.dev/path/filepath#Match) library

Reviewer: [FORMATTING, CLARITY] I think the proper name is "globbing" (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming))
```suggestion
  - if the field is prepended by `glob:`, then this is a glob pattern, as described in go [filepath.Match](https://pkg.go.dev/path/filepath#Match) library
```
